Add workflow duration metric (#3565)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/gen-ai/gen-ai-metrics.md

**Attributes:**

| Key | Stability | [Requirement Level](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/general/attribute-requirement-level/) | Value Type | Description | Example Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [`error.type`](/docs/registry/attributes/error.md) | ![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/-stable-lightgreen) | `Conditionally Required` if the workflow ended in an error | string | Describes a class of error the operation ended with. [1] | `timeout`; `java.net.UnknownHostException`; `server_certificate_invalid`; `500` |
| [`gen_ai.workflow.name`](/docs/registry/attributes/gen-ai.md) | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) | `Conditionally Required` If available. | string | Human-readable name of the GenAI workflow provided by the application. [2] | `multi_agent_rag`; `customer_support_pipeline` |

**[1] `error.type`:** The `error.type` SHOULD match the error code returned by the Generative AI provider or the client library,
the canonical name of exception that occurred, or another low-cardinality error identifier.
Instrumentations SHOULD document the list of errors they report.

> **[2] `gen_ai.workflow.name`:** This attribute can be populated in different frameworks eg: name of the first chain in LangChain OR name of the crew in CrewAI.

Reviewer: I'm suggesting that we capture information that's available. On metrics we can only capture low-cardinality attributes. If user provided the same name for two independent workflows in one application 1) it makes no sense and they'll fix it eventually 2) instrumentation has no better candidate than provided name and can't tell if workflows are the same or different

Since workflow names come from GenAI frameworks, it's their responsibility to provide guidance on how to set them.

<!-- END AUTOGENERATED TEXT -->
<!-- endsemconv -->

## Generative AI workflow metrics

Individual systems may include additional system-specific attributes.
It is recommended to check system-specific documentation, if available.

`gen_ai.workflow.duration` measures the end-to-end duration of a workflow run

> at the application orchestration boundary, regardless of workflow complexity.

Reviewer: maybe 

```suggestion
`gen_ai.workflow.duration` represents the end-to-end duration of a workflow execution, measured from the point where application code initiates the workflow to the point where the workflow completes, independent of workflow complexity.
```

to be more specific ?

| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [`error.type`](/docs/registry/attributes/error.md) | ![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/-stable-lightgreen) | `Conditionally Required` if the workflow ended in an error | string | Describes a class of error the operation ended with. [1] | `timeout`; `java.net.UnknownHostException`; `server_certificate_invalid`; `500` |
| [`gen_ai.workflow.name`](/docs/registry/attributes/gen-ai.md) | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) | `Conditionally Required` If available. | string | Human-readable name of the GenAI workflow provided by the application. [2] | `multi_agent_rag`; `customer_support_pipeline` |

**[1] `error.type`:** The `error.type` SHOULD match the error code returned by the Generative AI provider or the client library,
the canonical name of exception that occurred, or another low-cardinality error identifier.
Instrumentations SHOULD document the list of errors they report.

**[2] `gen_ai.workflow.name`:** This attribute can be populated in different frameworks eg: name of the first chain in LangChain OR name of the crew in CrewAI.

> Workflow name should be unique within the application.

Reviewer: this is not a requirement we can put, see my comment above.

The alternative could be 

```suggestion
Workflow name is usually provided by user application in a way specific to generative AI framework or library orchestrating the workflow. It's usually a static name that's expected to be unique within one application.

`gen_ai.workflow.name` MUST have low cardinality. Semantic conventions for individual Generative AI frameworks SHOULD 
document what `gen_ai.workflow.name` means in the context of that framework.

If there is no low-cardinality workflow name available for a given framework, this attribute MUST NOT be captured by default
```

PS: please polish my English above. Also this note
belongs on the attribute definition in registry.yaml rather than on individual metric
